What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Git creates a .git file in the directory to track metadata.
	If this is not done, git does noot recognize the directory as a repository and
	other git commands will not work.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The working directory contains the copy of "code" that you are working on.
	files can be selected from the working directory and added to the staging area.
	The files in the staging area will be committed when a commit is requested from git.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	The staging area gives control over what will be committed.  Not all changes
	in the working directory have to be committed at once.  Only those changes
	that are in files that are copied to the staging area will be committed.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	Use the codebase as the starting point for a new project or variant, while leaving 
	the original project intact, but maintaining a connection to the original.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	They allow you to easily see what commits may be unreachable.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	The commits from both branches are combined into a single sequence that is
	reachable from the new tiip.  Since commits from both branches are parents of 
	the new merge commit, we indicate this in the diagram by drawing arrows to
	both parents.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Tedious tasks are error-prone.  Having git automate where it can saves work.  The 
	risk is that incompatibilities can be missed and bugs introduced.  Thorough testing
	of merged code is required.  On balance, git can probably be trusted to do a first
	pass without greater risk than doing it manually.  But git's work needs to be 
	thoroughly reviewed.